include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:337: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h: In function 'timeval_to_jiffies':
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:359: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:360: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:363: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:364: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h: In function 'jiffies_to_timeval':
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:375: warning: division by zero
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:385:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
include/linux/jiffies.h:416:6: error: division by zero in #if
In file included from include/linux/mmzone.h:385,
                 from include/linux/gfp.h:4,
                 from include/linux/slab.h:15,
                 from include/linux/percpu.h:4,
                 from include/linux/sched.h:33,
                 from include/linux/mm.h:4,
                 from arch/sh/kernel/asm-offsets.c:13:
include/asm/mmzone.h: At top level:
include/asm/mmzone.h:19: error: expected '=', ',', ';', 'asm' or '__attribute__' before 'discontig_node_bdata'
include/asm/mmzone.h: In function 'is_valid_page':
include/asm/mmzone.h:51: error: 'pg_data_t' has no member named 'node_size'
In file included from arch/sh/kernel/asm-offsets.c:13:
include/linux/mm.h: In function 'lowmem_page_address':
include/linux/mm.h:437: error: 'mem_map' undeclared (first use in this function)
include/linux/mm.h:437: error: (Each undeclared identifier is reported only once
include/linux/mm.h:437: error: for each function it appears in.)
make[1]: *** [arch/sh/kernel/asm-offsets.s] Error 1
make: *** [arch/sh/kernel/asm-offsets.s] Error 2

real	48m34.463s
user	41m16.550s
sys	6m32.640s
